✨ Update readme use like wallet (#12)
likecoin/iscn-specs: schema/entity/README.md

```

## Sample
Recommended
```json
{
  "@id": "like1rclg677y2jqt8x4ylj0kjlqjjmnn6w63uflpgr",
  "name": "Chung Wu",
  "identifier": [{ "@type": "PropertyValue", "propertyID": "LikeCoin Wallet", "value": "like1rclg677y2jqt8x4ylj0kjlqjjmnn6w63uflpgr" }]
}
```
(Legacy)
```json
{
  "@id": "did:like:like1rclg677y2jqt8x4ylj0kjlqjjmnn6w63uflpgr",
  "name": "Chung Wu",

>   "identifier": [{ "@type": "PropertyValue", "value": "did:like:like1rclg677y2jqt8x4ylj0kjlqjjmnn6w63uflpgr" }]

Reviewer: also can remove `identifier` here

}
```
(No wallet address)
```json
{
  "@id": "http://github.com/nnkken",
  "name": "Chung Wu",

>   "identifier": [{ "@type": "PropertyValue", "value": "http://github.com/nnkken" }]

Reviewer: I think we can remove this, simplest example would be just id + name

}
```

## Description

| Property    | Expected Type | Description                                                                                                                   |
| ----------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | id          | String \| URI | The `id` property represents any kind of identifier for everything, and it should represent in either as String or URI links.Recommended is a valid LikeCoin wallet address. Legacy is `did:` prefix. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id          | String \| URI | The `id` property represents any kind of identifier for everything, and it should represent in either as String or URI links. A canonical wallet address is recommended when hosted on a blockchain. `did:(type)` prefix is also supported for legacy usage. |
```
